BTS Fan Fiction Agreement and Terms of Service

BTS Fan Fiction App is Story  provider, BTS Fan Fiction App allows user to register and become members and read and comment on the stories .

This Discalimer and Terms of Use("Agreement"/"Electronic Agreement") sets the legal terms of use for BTS Fan Fiction App, by using any part/service users/visitors are bound to this agreement. You are only authorized to use the BTS Fan Fiction App contents/services if you agree abid all the laws fully.

Please read this Agreement carefully and if you don't agree with any of these Agreements, you should leave this website and discontinue use of BTS Fan Fiction App services/contents immediately, either you are a visitor/member.
If you want to become a member and communicate with other members and may use BTS Fan Fiction App's services. You must read and agree to this Agreement in full.

BTS Fan Fiction App may modify this Agreement from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting by BTS Fan Fictiona App on the BTS Fan Fiction  App Website. BTS Fan Fiction App will inform Members by email about such modifications. If you do not agree with such modification you have the right to terminate your membership with BTS Fan Fiction App. You agree to be bound to any changes to this Agreement when you use the BTS Fan Fiction App Services after the modification has been posted for at least one month. It is therefore important that you review this Agreement regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.

Please choose carefully the information you post on BTS Fan Fiction App and that you provide to other Users. Your BTS Fan Fiction App profile may not include the following items: email address,telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, and any photographs containing nudity, or obscene, lewd, excessively violent, harassing, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable subject matter. Despite this prohibition, information provided by other BTS Fan Fiction App Members (for instance, in their Profile) may contain inaccurate, inappropriate, offensive or sexually explicit material, products or services, and BTS Fan Fiction App App assumes no responsibility or liability for this material. If you become aware of misuse of the BTS Fan Fiction App App Services by any person, please contact invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com or click on the "Report User" link next to the user’s comment.


Eligibility
Use of and Membership in the BTS Fan Fiction App Services is void where prohibited. By using the BTS Fan Fiction App, you represent and warrant that (a) all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; (c) you are 18 years of age or older; and (d) your use of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. Your profile may be deleted and your Membership may be terminated without warning, if we believe that you are under 18 years of age.

Term and Termination
This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the BTS Fan Fiction App Services or are a Member.
You may terminate your Membership at any time, for any reason, by contacting invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com. BTS Fan Fiction App may terminate your Membership at any time, without warning. Even after Membership is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect.

Fees
BTS Fan Fiction App reserves the right to alter, to depart from or to cease offering its services free of charge at any time, taking into account BTS Fan Fiction App's legitimate interests and reasonable consumer expectations. BTS Fan Fiction App App will inform Members by email if a service is to be offered in the future for a fee. You can then decide if you want to continue to use such service. Your continued use of the service after the proposed fee modification has posted been posted for at least one month will be considered acceptance of the proposed fee modification. The same applies if fees are raised by BTS Fan Fiction App. If BTS Fan Fiction App terminates your Membership because you have breached the Agreement, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees.

Password
When you sign up to become a Member, on your first login you are asked choose a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You agree not to use the account, username, or password of another Member at any time or to disclose your password to any third party. You agree to notifyBTS Fan Fiction  App immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your account.

Non-commercial Use by Members
The BTS Fan Fiction App Services are for the personal use of Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by BTS Fan Fiction App. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the BTS Fan Fiction App is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from Member profiles without notice and may result in termination of Membership privileges. Appropriate legal action will be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services.

Content Posted
BTS Fan Fiction App may delete any Comment that in the sole judgment of BTS Fan Fiction App violates this Agreement or which may be offensive, illegal or violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of any person. BTS Fan Fiction App assumes no responsibility for monitoring the BTS Fan Fiction App Services for inappropriate Content or conduct. If at any time BTS Fan Fiction App chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the BTS Fan Fiction App Services, BTS Fan Fiction App nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the User submitting any such Content.
You are solely responsible for the Content that you post on or through any of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services, and any material or information that you transmit to other Members and for your interactions with other Users. BTS Fan Fiction App does not endorse and has no control over the Content. Content is not necessarily reviewed by BTS Fan Fiction App prior to posting and does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of BTS Fan Fiction App makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the Content or to the accuracy and reliability of the Content or any material or information that you transmit to other Members.

Copyright Policy
You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of BTS Fan Fiction App to terminate Membership privileges of any Member who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of prompt notification to BTS Fan Fiction App by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent.

Member Disputes
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other BTS Fan Fiction App Members. BTS Fan Fiction App reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members.

Privacy
Use of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.

Liability Disclaimer
BTS Fan Fiction App will not be responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Comment posted on the BTS Fan Fiction App Website or in connection with the BTS Fan Fiction App Services, whether caused by Users of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the BTS Fan Fiction App Services. Profiles created and posted by Members on theBTS Fan Fiction App Website may contain links to other websites. BTS Fan Fiction App is not responsible for the Content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are in no way investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by BTS Fan Fiction App. Inclusion of any linked website on the BTS Fan Fiction App Services does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by BTS Fan Fiction App. When you access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. BTS Fan Fiction App takes no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted on this BTS Fan Fiction App Website or through the BTS Fan Fiction App Services, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers. BTS Fan Fiction App is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services.

In addition, BTS Fan Fiction App assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any User or Member communication. BTS Fan Fiction App is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on any of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services or combination thereof.

Exclusion of Warranty
The BTS Fan Fiction App Services are provided "AS-IS" and as available. BTS Fan Fiction App does not warrant of timely, secure, error- and interruption-free provision of BTS Fan Fiction App Services. BTS Fan Fiction App expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.BTS Fan Fiction App cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services. The exclusion of warranties does not affect your right of withdrawal.

Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold BTS Fan Fiction App, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any Content that you post on the BTS Fan Fiction App Website or through the BTS Fan Fiction App Services causes BTS Fan Fiction App to be liable to another, provided that this was caused by culpable conduct.

Other
This Agreement is accepted upon your use of the BTS Fan Fiction App or any of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services and is further affirmed by you becoming a Member. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and BTS Fan Fiction App regarding the use of the BTS Fan Fiction App Services. The failure of BTS Fan Fiction App to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

BTS Fan Fiction App is available to you for free with some limited options

Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement.

