Privacy Policy

We at LoveLiveLaugh know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read Apps in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of LoveLiveLaugh App is at all times subject to the Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use. The term Site or Website is used indistinctly in this Privacy Policy.
If you are an EU resident, citizen or visitor, our EU Individuals Section also applies to you.
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services or Site, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information in connection with our App including to provide, and improve our Services, to allow you to set up a user account, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact by invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com.
This policy applies only to information we collect through the App and any emails, texts or other electronic communications sent through the Site. This policy DOES NOT apply to information collected offline, through any other apps or websites (including websites you may access through the Site) or by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site. These other websites, apps or third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information through them.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not access or use the Site, Services and/or Apps. By accessing or using the Site, Services and/or Apps you agree to this Privacy Policy.
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us, or to take advantage of some of our features. You may stop using the Services at any time; however, your conversation logs from communications may remain in our records if it is necessary in relation to the contract entered into with you and in relation to the Client´s business.
Topics:
Data controller of your Personal Information
Personal Information which is collected
How we collect your information
Why do we collect and how do we use your Personal Information?
With whom we share your Personal Information
How do we store your Personal Information? How long do we keep your information?
Safety of your Personal Information
How do we safeguard your personal information when there is an international transfer?
What are cookies? And how do we use them?
How to manage cookies?
Your rights and choices regarding your Personal Information
EU Individuals
California residents.
Third Party Services
How to contact us.
Online Privacy Policy Updates.
1. Data controller of your Personal Information
LoveLiveLaugh is the data controller of your Personal Information. We are responsible for, and control, the processing of your Personal Information. If you wish to contact us, email at invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com.
2. Personal Information which is collected
In the context of rendering our Services, we may collect information about you. This information regularly includes the following:
● If you create an account as a Chatter​: Your name, email address, photo, social network information, in app messages . If you are invited to undertake further assessments (such as a diary) and you participate in such assessments, we will collect further Personal Data that you provide to us as part of that process. The kinds of information you may disclose include information about your interests. If you do not provide us with certain information when requested, it may impact our ability to assess your suitability as a Chatter. 
 ● If you contact us (via our Website or via email), e.g. to send us an inquiry​: Name, e-mail address, information on our communication with you and any additional information you provide us with.
● If you are an individual who communicates with other individuals using the app as a Chatter, through our Website, we may collect information such as your name, email. If you provide your Facebook, Google or other third-party account credentials to us, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, when you log in to our Services using your Facebook or Google, we may receive your personal information associated with that account.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not cover Personal Information you provide to our clients when using chatbots that are located on our clients’ websites, or when contacting them through a Chatter, as we do not control the means and purposes of such personal data processing. Typically, our clients, who are owners of chatbots created through our Service will be able to collect your conversation history with the client’s chatbot, and information contained in your public social media profile, such as your name, your profile photo, your time zone, your gender, your language settings, and any other information you provide through the said chatbot. Our clients may also use third party product integration to receive and process personal information you have provided. Please consult our clients’ privacy policies for such data processing activities.
3. How we collect your information
Personal Information is collected in many ways and includes:
● Personal information you provide to us​: All the Personal Information we receive comes to us voluntarily from our users in the course of using our Services, such as when visiting our Website, registering online or communicating with us or in the process of requesting our Services. Information, such as your name, email address will be necessary to login to our app and use our services and features.


4. Why do we collect and how do we use your Personal Information?
We use the Personal Information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Information for a certain reason, we will use the Personal Information in connection with the reason for which it was provided. The reasons for using your Personal Information may differ depending on the purpose of the collection. Regularly we use your information for the following purposes and on the following legal grounds:
● We use your information in order to perform our contractual services or prior to entering into a contract with you​. If you order Services from Bts Army Live Discussion App or if you contact us to request our Services, we use your information to provide you with these Services. We use Personal Information in order to process your request to become a participant in our app and use our services to login and authenticate. That is, our use of your Personal Information is necessary in order to implement your request to become a chatter or a Client prior to entering into a contract with us and, once you are admitted to our network, to perform our contract with you. Information we use includes: information we need to contact you or otherwise communicate with you; if you are a registered user: information to manage your account.  

You can object to this use at any time by mailing us at invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com

5. With whom we share your Personal Information
We will share your Personal Information with the following third parties:
● Service providers and advisors​: Third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include marketing campaign services, providing mailing or email services. These third parties include: Google, Facebook,Firebase etc.. Any such service providers will by appropriate data processing agreements be bound to only process the data on LoveLiveLaugh behalf and under its instructions.
● Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons​: Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our legal claims or to protect the security or integrity of our Services; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of OhWhatAChat, our visitors, or others.
If you are a Client we may disclose Personal Information to Chatters when needed under the Client Service Agreement. 
6. How do we store your Personal Information? How long do we keep your information?
We securely store your Personal Information at Google Cloud Platform.
We will store Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collect the Personal Information, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
7. Safety of your Personal Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal Information when you use our Services. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
8. How do we safeguard your personal information when there is an international transfer?
Any information you provide, will be processed and stored in the USA. If you are in the European Union or European Economic Area, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your Personal Information than the jurisdiction you are typically a resident in. If we transfer information from the European Union to third parties outside the European Union and to countries not subject to schemes which are considered as providing an adequate data protection standard, we will enter into contracts which are based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with these parties. If you wish to inquire further about the safeguards we use, please contact us by invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law and this Privacy Policy.
11. Your rights and choices regarding your Personal Information
We want you to understand your rights and choices regarding how we may use your Personal Information.
Depending on how you use your information, these rights and choices may include the following:
11.1 Individual Rights​: You have the following rights in respect to your Personal Information that we hold:
 11.1.1 Right of access​: The right to obtain access to your Personal Information. You have the right to request Us for copies of your Personal Information.
11.1.2 Right to rectification​: The right to obtain rectification of your Personal Information without undue delay when you believe that Personal Information is inaccurate or incomplete.  
11.1.3 Right to erasure​: The right to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.
11.1.4 Right to restrict processing​: The right to obtain restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your Personal Information in certain circumstances, such as, where the accuracy of the Personal Information is contested by you, for a period of time enabling us to verify the accuracy of that Personal Information. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we shared your Personal Information with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Information so you can contact them directly.
11.1.5 Right to portability​: The right to portability allows you to move, copy or transfer personal information easily from one organization to another.
11.1.6 Right to object processing: You have a right to object to any processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions. You can object to marketing activities for any reason whatsoever.
11.1.7. Right to withdraw consent. If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing of your data that has already taken place.
11.1.8 Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority. If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Information, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us by clicking here, or you can send us an email to support@chatcenter.net. We have one month to respond to you.
11.2 For cookies or e-mail marketing, we provide the following easily usable option:
11.2.1 Cookies Settings and Preferences​. You may disable cookies and other tracking technologies through the settings in your browser.
11.2.2 E-Mail Settings and Preferences​. If you no longer want to receive marketing e-mails from us, you may choose to unsubscribe at any time by clicking here.
12. EU Individuals
12.1 Scope
This section applies solely to individuals in the EU (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, where applicable, Switzerland). Our Privacy Policy describes why and how we collect, use and store your Personal Information, the lawful basis on which your Personal Information is processed, and what your rights and our obligations are in relation to such processing (please see “Your Rights” section below).
12.2. Data Controller: is specified in Section 1.
12.3. Your Rights: Subject to applicable EU law (“General Data Protection Regulation” or “ GDPR”) , you have the rights specified in Section 11. If you wish to exercise the right to erasure you may want to contact us by  sending us an email to: invictus.creative,marketing@gmail.com
12.4 In addition to the afore listed rights, as an EU resident, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. Further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
13. California Residents
13.1. Scope
This section of the policy applies solely to California residents, in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). As with other provisions of the Privacy Policy, this section details what Personal Information we collect, and how and why we collect this data. It’s important to note that we shall not sell your data (as such term is defined in the CCPA), however, we may share your data through the course of business. Please see the section 5 above.
13.1. The data we collect: see Section 2. A detailed explanation of the types of data we collect and its sources can be found under the above sections.
13.2. Your rights
CCPA affords you certain rights with regard to data collection and deletion. As of January 1, 2020, the CCPA gives you the following rights:
•         	Right of access. Ask us what categories and types of data we have collected for you over the last 12 months, why the data was collected, and request a copy of such data.
•         	Right of deletion. Request deletion of the data we have for you.
•         	Right to not be discriminated against. You cannot be discriminated against for making a data inquiry.
To contact us, please mail us at invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com. We will respond to your inquiry no later than 45 days after receipt.

14. Third Party Services
Services provided by third parties: Depending on how you have configured our Services, you may be able to use several functionalities provided by third parties. Certain of these functions need further information or personal data processed by us or the third party.
Our Website may contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our Website, so I f you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
15. How to contact us.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, the data we hold on you, or if you want to exercise your rights, please mail us at invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.con
If you want to exercise your right to erase any personal data we hold about you under EU GDPR, send us an email to invictus.creativemarketing@gmail.com
16. Online Privacy Policy Updates
We may make changes to our Privacy Policy from time to time. Please review our policies regularly as updated policies will apply to your future use of our Services.

